PRESENTATION

LOUISE
INTRO
30s	
Introduction of Project Name, Introduce team members, Reason for the Problem: Trying to ease the decision making portion of Netflix movie browsing.

30s 
Who influenced it: Andy though about using movies as an issue, and we all collaborated on issues with Netflix. We learned quickly that we all had an issue with searching for a movie while trying to chill... heh heh

HOW YOUR APP WILL SOLVE A PROBLEM
1ms we help the user by finding a movie with a high rating through IMDBs rating system


LIAM 
// DESIGN
	// How did you go about solving your solution

		We looked through the pinterest for interesting UX design. 
		We researched possible APIs to use to solve this issue
		We reddited fun APIs to use in general

	// Tools used for Design

			Adobe Illustrator
			Boostrap
			minimal website influence


ANDREW
// PROJECT MANAGEMENT
	// How did your team built a list of tasks and shared duties?
		We designed the flow of our project based on the API's we wanted to use, based on that we broke down the list of tasks and shared duties. 
	// How did your team handle communications?
		We utilized Slack to handle communications
	// What tools did you use for project management?
		We used Trello for project management. 
	// What was the most difficult part of project management?
		The most difficult part of project management is properly delegating the correct amount of work based on people's availability outside of class. 


DEMONSTRATION

// INTRO PAGE / LOGIN
	ANDY — speaks briefly about how the login button works. Follows through with clicking it.

// FUNCTIONALITY / MAIN PAGE
	SHREYA - speak briefly about the layout of the page. 
			 2 sides to the page
			 	left side 
			 		has the logo and brand
			 		has the buttons to click
			 	right side
			 		has the about
			 		has the contact
			 		has the community favourites
			 		for the home page, it has your name and the signout button

	LOUISE - speak about the functionality of the links at the top
			 on the left side if you click 
			 	- the about section will take you to an information page about us
			 	- the contact section takes you to an email form where you can send us an email
	SHREYA 		- the Loves section shows the community favourited movies

	LIAM 	- brings us back to the main page by click on the logo button
			- explains the buttons on the main page.


ABOUT - CONTACT
LOUISE

WAS MOST DIFFICULT
LOGIN 
API out of date
Price of other APIS
Limited usage of freemium APIs

EXTRA FEATURES
User profile
tracking movies given
tracking movies they liked, and tailoring the algorithm to give them movies dependent on what they have liked
Create a Modal instead of popping up on the second half of the screen
make the image clickable, instead of just the button

START OVER
Not spend as much time for the login and probably not use the same framework
Better psuedo code 
Deviate actual tasks better
Not use Flixster API





